no fucking think the fucking thing of
the fuck the fucking methane hi this is
Tina know like to welcome you refer to
net if you need any Tina please dial
Paul six months a man that's right
galler look at that are you looking if
you want Tina to come out and play in
the playing music I really want all can
you hear it let's maybe the tube could I
have a speaker just me where is it where
am i where am I think no no no I can see
the about up it's just the view from the
room speak today around if it's all my
guys no one is unbothered by the fucking
book came out so I really how did your
second unity 749 let's get out to Tom
Jones ah here we go
they've got
you
yeah 10 portage she's not open yet
please note that is
it's 1040 am
go up
unless the food
ecology
Oh
so what I have
will be like my mother
you